README.md, before:

# NextWebTechnologyNet

[![Angular CI](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/workflows/Angular%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Angular+CI%22)
[![Functions CI](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/workflows/Functions%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Functions+CI%22)
[![Firebase CD](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/workflows/Firebase%20CD/badge.svg)](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Firebase+CD%22)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

fix: ci cd status badge and version in readme

README.md, after:

# NextWebTechnologyNet

[![CI Angular](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/workflows/CI%20Angular/badge.svg)](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Angular%22)
[![CI Firebase Functions](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/workflows/CI%20Firebase%20Functions/badge.svg)](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Firebase+Functions%22)
[![CD Firebase](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/workflows/CD%20Firebase/badge.svg)](https://github.com/next-web-technology/next-web-technology-net/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CD+Firebase%22)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.
Now, this project was updated to version 13.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
But, this feature is deprecated on Angular 13.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
